we all love our families dearly but
let's be honest everyone's got a few
wild cards here and there in the fan my
family is one of those families that
people meet and they're like wow you're
all so crazy you could have a reality
show and I'm just like okay well I guess
that makes me feel better but I still
have to live with them feel like
everyone has either like that aunt or
uncle that is like so embarrassing at
family parties I know that I have uncles
that love to just make fun of me ever
since I was little I remember one year
for my birthday instead of getting me
earrings he pretended to give me boogers
in an earring case then once I grew up
and started bringing boys to family
dinners they'd be like oh juven lift bro
how big your muscles at and we just
harass whoever I brought home that I was
dating and you know families are a big
thing to handle gotta be at a certain
level with someone to like introduce
under your family I mean now all my
friends are friends with my family but
it was a little rocky at first we got
some wild cards my grandpa thinks he
could be President my uncle's think
they're like the funniest people in the
world my mom thinks she can still tap
dance it's like maybe we should all
simmer down a little bit personally in
my immediate family I'd say I'm pretty
dramatic but I have to blame my mom
because my mom's pretty dramatic and
then my uncle's act like they're like
girls whenever we like take family
pictures they're like oil blotting their
paces holiday drama has been the biggest
part of my life ever since I could
remember I remember one year at
Christmas Eve my mom was upstairs
screaming my grandpa was downstairs
screaming and us as cousins we're all
confined in the bathroom kind of like Oh
what is it does beat Christmas you know
holidays bring out the most like
craziness in everyone but you also have
to remember that and be like it's just
the holidays let's all lighten up ray at
the end of the day your family is always
gonna be your family
so you might as well love them as much
as you can and the crazy will kind of
come here and there but you're stuck
with them so enjoy them family over
everything really